java c
HISTORICAL   ESSAY   MAT390/HPS390   FALL TERM 2024
The following description outlines the three course   components   related   to your   historical   essay:
DRAFT   ESSAY:   (5% of your total grade for this class, 3/3)   A   draft   of your   paper   should   be   uploaded   electronically to QUERCUS. Your draft   essay will   be graded   based   on   the   following   (1   point   for references/bibliography,   1   point for   identifiable essay structure such as   thesis   statement   introduction   body and conclusion,   1   point for completeness   in terms   of   length   of the   paper).   If you   don’tupload your   draft essay to Quercus by the   due   date you   will   receive   0/3   on   this   component.   No   late   submissions.You also must upload your draft a second   time   to Peer Scholar.   To do this, click on   the   Peer Scholar      exercise   on   our   course   page, load   Peer   Scholar   in   a   new   browser   window, goto   the   Create   phase   of the activity and upload your draft   document.
PEER SCHOLAR   EXERCISE:   (5% of your total grade   for this   class,   2/2)   Using   Peer Scholar   you   will   be   matched with two   essays written   by your   peers   in this class. You   will   be given   the   task   of   reading   these essays and offering your feedback on   them.   You   have   already   practiced   applying   criteria to   evaluate   the      quality of   historical arguments   in A2:   Human and AI   Generated   Texts on History of   Mathematics.   You   will   apply similar skills   here to essays composed   by your   current   peers.   The   students   whose   work   you   comment on will then   receive your feedback so they   can   revise   their   argument   into   something   stronger.   You   must   upload your drafts to   Peer Scholar to   participate and get   marks   for   this   activity!!   NOTE:      While   your   peers will   help you   identify areas to   revise   before final submission, student   feedback   is   independent of grades given to you   by course   staff on   your   draft   and   final   essay   submissions.   The   grade   you are given   for this activity is based   on   the   quality   of   your   written   and   evaluative   feedback. You   have         to complete all aspects of the   “create”   “assess” and   “reflect”   phases   in   Peer   Scholar   to   get   all   points   for the   Peer Scholar activity. If you   don’t finish   all three   phases   you   won’t get   full   marks.   We   will   devote the activity   period on   Monday   November   18 to completing   the   "assess"   phase   of the   Peer   scholar assignment.
FINAL   ESSAY:   (25% of your total grade for this class,   25/25)   Uploaded electronically   to   QUERCUS. The   essay should   be   2000 words   (papers accepted   in the   range of   1900-2200   words).   LATE   POLICY:   There   will   be a deduction of 5%   per   day   (including   weekend   days)   on   later   papers.
This final essay   is a   major component   of your grade for this   course.   It   is   recommended   that   a   topic   be chosen early and that your   research and   writing   be   underway   by   later   October to   early   November.   The   essay should consist of your own   work;   it   will   be   run through   a   standard   database   to   verify   that   there has   been   no   plagiarism from any source.   In   particular, do   not   cut   and   paste text   from   websites   or Wikipedia articles   into   your essay.   Do   not   plagiarize.
POLICY ON   USE   OF GENERATIVE AI:
This assignment   is designed to   be completed without the   use   of generative   AI,   using   only   concepts   and         skills we   have   developed   in activities and through discussion   of   our   course   readings.   However,   as   stated   in the course syllabus, you   may   choose to   use generative   AI   tools   like   ChatGPT   as   a   tool   when   working            on this assignment. We encourage you to   review the   section   on generative   AI   tools   in   the   course
syllabus   before considering   using   such tools within this assignment.   Excellent work   can   be   produced
without the   use of AI. The discussion we   will   have while   completing A2:   Human   and AI   Generated   Texts   on History of   Mathematics will   help   us determine   as a   class,   some   ways   generative   AI   can   be   useful   and   some of its   pitfalls.   Remember you are   responsible for the   final   work   you   submit   for this   assignment.
If you choose to   use generative AI tools while working   on   this   assignment,   you   must   acknowledge   which   tools you   used and   how you   used them.   It   is an   academic   offence to   not credit   sources—including   generative AI—in any work you   submit for academic   credit. This   acknowledgment   should take   the   form   of an appendix and   in-text citations.   See   below for   details.
APPENDIX: Students   who choose to use AI must submit an   appendix   with   their historical   essay. This
appendix should   be titled “Appendix: Statement on   Usage of   Generative   AI”   .   Underneath   this title,   you   must   provide   links to the   raw transcripts that   record your   interactions with the   tool while working   on the assignment,   including   prompts and   responses.   For example, you should   create   a   subtitle   in your appendix such as “Compose an opinion   editorial   about   how great   Newton's   discovery   of   calculus   is”   prompt.   ChatGPT   3.5,   25 Sept. version, OpenAI, 3   Oct.   2023, chat.openai.com/chat.   Then   paste   the   text   that was generated on that   date   by this   prompt, followed with   the   link   to   the   transcript.   For   ChatGPT   transcripts,use the “share”   icon   in the   upper   right   hand corner.   You can find   out   more   how to   create   these   citations   herehttps://style.mla.org/citing-generative-ai/.
CITATION OF   Appendix CONTENT   PRODUCED BY GENERATIVE   AI:   Moreover, should content   be   produced, written or discovered through artificial   intelligence   and this   research   or text   incorporated   into   the   body text of the   historical essay, students   must   cite that   content.   For   all   standard   references   in this assignment,   Iamasking for those to   be formatted   in APA style.   For your   references that   use   information      gathered through AI   prompts, you will   reference that   part of your Appendix that   has   compiled   all your   prompts and   responses generated.
If you quote or   paraphrase a   passage from text   generated   by AI   in   response   to   a   prompt,   you   should   have already   pasted the   prompt and   its associated text   into your Appendi代 写HISTORICAL ESSAY MAT390/HPS390 FALL TERM 2024Statistics
代做程序编程语言x.   Cite   that   output,   signalling you   arrivedata   certain   factor   opinion   or   through   your   interaction   with   AI.   You   can   do   that   by   citing   the Appendix   using   intext citation,e.g.,   place   the citation   (See Appendix: Statement   on   Usage   of Generative   AI,   p.   13) at the end of the sentence   of text   in   which   you   used   those   ideas   gather   from   AI.
Your final paper will   be evaluated   out of 25   points   according   to   the   following   grading   rubric:
7.5   points   Motivation/Arguments: The essay   presents a concise, well-stated,   interesting   and   non-trivial   thesis that   is argued for   persuasively. Analysis of   historical sources   is   demonstrated.   Clear   and   deep understanding of topic   and concepts   investigated. Student expresses   reasoned   opinion   about   topic   at   hand. Topic   of   paper   is within scope of the   course.
5   points   Structure   : The   paper   has an   introduction,   body,   conclusion, and well-written topic sentences   and coherent transitions   between   paragraphs.   Historical   material   is   presented   in a   logically cohesive way. Conclusion follows from the thesis and   supporting   evidence.   Word   count within   1900-2200   range.
5   points Written Style: Sentence structure to   the   point,   appropriate   use   of   paragraphs   and   foot/endnotes, formal   (academic) style   in   mostly the third   person, capitalization   of   proper   nouns   [e.g.:   names,   places,   book titles],   use of   italics,   underline or   boldface   is appropriate.
2.5   points   Sources   : At   minimum the essay demonstrates   a thorough   reading   and analysis   of   at   least eight   different sources. At   least   six   of these sources   must   be   academic   publications that   can   be   found   through the search function of the   University of Toronto   library system.   Application   of   APA   bibliographic   style   is clear and consistent for all   citations.   Quotations   from   sources   are   appropriate.   Any   usage   of   generative AI as a discovery tool within   essay   construction   has   been   properly   cited   and   documented   within an Appendix according to the “   POLICY ON   USE   OF   GENERATIVE   AI”   laid   out   in this   document.5   points   Overall effort   :   Essay demonstrates original thinking, creative   research   skills   and/or   good   overall   effort. The essay   led the student to   consider   new questions   or   state   a   novel   perspective   on   their   topic.   A   passionately argued essay   using   mathematical and/or   historical evidence.
American   Psychological Association   (APA)   bibliographic and citation conventions
Please apply APA style. for citations   and   references:
https://apastyle.apa.org/style-grammar-guidelines/references/examples
Where to get started?The   MacTutor website for the   history of   mathematics can   be a   starting   place.   If you goto   the   bottom   of   an article of interest, click   >References   >show to   see   the   source   list   for   links. This   is   a   good   way   to   start         finding sources for your   research, depending on   your topic.   It   can   be   a   useful   place   (and   a   more   rigorous/academic online source than Wikipedia) for   history of   mathematics:http://mathshistory.st-   andrews.ac.uk/
Essay Topics
Your essay   should develop a   perspective   upon   (thesis) about your   topic.   General   descriptive   overviews   are   not   useful.   Evidence   presented   in the essay   must   always   have   relevance to your thesis claim.   I   also encourage you to express yourself in your writing.   Connect yourself   in   some   way   with   your topic   –   this   makes your writing   more   meaningful. What   interests you   about the topic?   Use   this   question   as your
“way   in” to finding a claim you want   to   make   about   it.   What   surprised   you   during   your   research?
Observations you   make, that are   unique to you, often   lead you to   the   best   thesis   statements.   Give   us   your take on this discovery. Although your essay   will   contain   factual   material,   it   should   be   focused, analytical and   motivated   by your argument about   a   particular view   upon the   given   topic.
Is   history just facts?   No!   It   is interpretation of   the   facts that   makes some   historical essays   exceptional!
HERE ARE THE TOPICS
ON QUERCUS ARE   LINKS TO   RESOURCES   THAT   MAY   HELP YOU GET STARTED   ON   EACH TOPIC   AREA
1.          Getting into their heads: What Babylonian   mathematical   artifacts   tellus
2.          How Greek and   Roman people told   time:   Ancient   Sundials
3.         Are   non-constructive   proofs convincing? Archimedes’ proof of circular area
4.          Does the Ancient Greeks   practice of geometrical construction   prove the   existence   of
mathematical objects   in   Euclid’s Elements?
5.          Not a Computer: The Antikythera   mechanism and   ancient Greek   astronomy
6.          How   is the study of cosmic triangles in   Ptolemy’s Almagest and   Aryabhata’s Aryabhatiya,
different from, or similar to, techniques of modern trigonometry?
7.          In what ways was Japan’s   wasan   period of   mathematics culturally distinct   in   style,   practice,
and topics   investigated as compared with other   mathematical traditions?
8.         Transmission of   knowledge or independent discovery? Pascal’s   Treatise   on   the
Triangle and Zhu Shijie’s Precious Mirror of   the Four   Elements
9.          Differences and similarities between   Francois Viète’s   The Analytic Art and modern   algebra
10.   Simplifying calculation   prior to the   modern   digital computer:   Napier's   invention of   Logarithms
11.   Logic of the highly   improbable:   How did Compte   de   Buffon,   Blaise   Pascal   and   Pierre   de   Fermat
justify the quantification of chance?
12.   Why was Cavalieri accused of   heresy for   his   method   of indivisibles?   Did   Cavalieri's   method
present a logically sound way of   measuring areas and   volumes?
13.   Is   mathematics   invented or discovered? Solution to the Pell   equation   in   India,   China and   Europe
14.   "Recognize the   lion   by   his claw": The role of competition   in   generating   solutions   to   the
Brachistochrone   problem
15.   A   precursor to Tartaglia and Cardano?   Expanding concepts of algebra   in the   Islamic golden
age: the case of Omar   Kayam and   the   cubic   equation
16.   A clock that   keeps   perfect time:   Christian   Huygens and the   isochrone curve

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
